Who we are At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to hundreds of thousands of businesses and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences. Our dedication to remote-first work , and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands. . Hiring and how we work We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions! Also, while we are a remote-first company, you may be asked to report in person on an ad-hoc basis for team gatherings, functional off-sites or customer meetings. . See yourself at Twilio Join the team as Twilio’s next Operator, Global Security Operations Center (GSOC). About the job This position is needed to maintain a broad situational awareness over internal and external physical events that could impact employee safety or pose a threat to business assets or operations across Twilio’s global footprint. GSOC Operators monitor a variety of data sources including internal access control systems, external incident aggregators, travel safety applications, and general open source reporting materials. GSOC Operators serve as the primary contact for employees with physical safety and security questions or concerns. When an incident occurs, the GSOC Operator may dispatch security resources, escalate to crisis management teams, send broad communications to Twilio employees, or execute a mass notification to account for employee safety. Responsibilities: In this role, you’ll: Monitoring and Surveillance Utilize various physical security asset monitoring and surveillance systems to detect potential unauthorized access, suspicious activity, or other security incidents Monitor open-source threat intelligence and other internal SaaS tools to maintain situational awareness of persistent or emergency global events with potential or direct impact to operations Security Operations Support Support access control and visitor management processes Manage security-related calls for service and provide general guidance to employees, vendors, and guests Maintain awareness of business travelers and personnel accessing Twilio facilities Partner with local site security teams to escalate and dispatch resources for incident and alarm response Review travel requests to elevated risk locations, assist travelers through the approval process, and cross-reference live itineraries with external incidents Incident Management Perform the first point of incident intake across a variety of emergencies, including medical emergencies, natural disasters, fire/evacuation, travel disruptions, and security incidents Assess and triage events and incidents to determine their impact to operations Dispatch and coordinate response with emergency response personnel Communicate effectively on emerging incidents to large audiences to share situational awareness or tactical updates as warranted Maintain real-time incident documentation for reporting and analysis Perform Life-Safety checks for Twilio in areas impacted by potentially life-threatening conditions Participate in post-incident reviews to document and implement corrective action and improvements to future response Operational Excellence Maintain a strong understanding of security and emergency standard operating procedures Utilize critical thinking and problem solving skills to analyse situations and implement solutions Support large projects that will improve Twilio’s GSOC capabilities and initiatives Qualifications Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table! *Required: 3+ years of experience in a GSOC working environment Experience with physical safety and security technology, systems (ACS, IDS, VSS, VMS), travel safety, and mass notification tools Experience with open-source intelligence (OSINT) research tools Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills Proven ability to follow standard operating procedures and playbooks Ability to prioritize tasks in a fast-paced environment Ability to stay calm, professional, and think clearly in high-stress situations Ability to communicate clearly and concisely; verbal and written Ability to work ‘non-standard’ shift hours, to overlap as needed with colleagues and stakeholders in other global locations, including weekend and holiday hours English Language Proficiency Desired: Customer service mindset Comfortable with a high-tech work environment Eager to learn new tools and processes Ability to work independently and as part of a team Proficiency in Google Suite Additional Language Proficiency Shift Details: Variable (8–10-hour shifts) Must be flexible to work holidays, weekends, and occasional overtime. Location This role will be remote, but is not eligible to be hired in CA, CT, NJ, NY, PA, WA. Travel We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, approximately 10% travel is anticipated to help you participate in project or team in-person meetings to help you connect in a meaningful way. What We Offer Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location. Compensation *Please note the salary range information provided applies only to candidates residing in California, Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Vermont, Washington D.C., and Washington State due to local requirements. Compensation for candidates in other locations will be discussed during the hiring process. Please note that hiring for this role is not restricted to the locations listed above. The estimated pay ranges for this role are as follows: Based in Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Vermont or Washington D.C. : $26.27 - $32.84 Based in New York, New Jersey, Washington State, or California (outside of the San Francisco Bay area): $27.77 - $34.71 Based in the San Francisco Bay area, California: $30.85 - $38.56 This role may be eligible to participate in Twilio’s equity plan and corporate bonus plan. All roles are generally eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave. The successful candidate’s starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location. Applications for this role are intended to be accepted until December 21st, 2026, but may change based on business needs. Twilio thinks big. Do you? We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic . Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts. So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, please consider other open positions. . Stay alert to recruitment fraud We care about your safety. Scammers sometimes impersonate Twilio recruiters through fake job postings, emails, websites, or messages. Please ensure you are engaging with an official @ twilio.com email address. We will never ask for payment, gift cards, cryptocurrency, or banking information during the recruiting process. We do not make job offers without a formal interview process or conduct interviews exclusively through text-based messaging apps. . Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.